#### READ ME
When you open your codetantra match question number below to the question number on your codetantra.

**WARNING: Do not copy and paste. This can result in suspicious activity and can ban you.**

#### Q. No: 8961

##### Question
Python provides many ways to extract a part of a string using a concept called Slicing.

Slicing makes it possible to access parts (segments) of the string by providing a startIndex and an endIndex.

The syntax for using the slice operation on a string is:

[startIndex : endIndex : step] #where  is the string variable
					#startIndex, endIndex and step are all optional

For example, in the below code: slice[start : stop : step] operator extracts sub string from the string. A segment of a string is called a slice. The indexes start and stop should be valid.

step is the increment or decrement . A positive step will travel left to right and increments the index by step.

A negative step will travel from right to left and decrements the index by step.

If we are not providing starting of index position in Slice [] operator then interpreter takes starting index zero(0) as default.

If end index is not specified for slice [] operator then Interpreter takes the end of String as default stop index.

Click on the  button to know more about Slicing in Strings.

Consider Example like

lang = "Python"
print(lang[0:]) # means it prints 0th index position to ending index of String. 
Python
print(lang[:6]) # means it prints 0th index to (n-1) i.e. 6-1 = 5th position of String.
Python

Let us consider an Example:

a = "HELLO"
Print(a[0:4]) # index starts from 0 and ends before 4 i.e.3.
HELL
Print(a[ :3]) # prints 0th index to 2nd index(3 - 1) 
HEL
Print(a[0: ]) # Starts at 0 prints upto last index.
HELLO

In the following example start and stop are not given, so they will be defaulted to beginning and end of the string.
The step is positive indicating left to right traversal and increment is 1.

a = "Python"
print (a[::1])
 

The result is

Python

In the following example start and stop are not given, so they will be defaulted to end and beginning of the string.
The step is negative indicating right to left traversal and decrement is 1.

a = "Python"
print(a[::-1])
 

The result is

nohtyP

Let us take another example:

a = "Python"
print(a[-1::-3])

The result is

'nt'

Here we are indicating start as -1 and stop not specified means traverse from right to left till start of the string and step is -3 means decrement is done by 3 from right to left of a string.

a = "Python"
print(a[4:1:-1])

The result is

'oht'


Here we are indicating start as 4 and stop as 1 and index as -1. So it will start index 4(o) and will traverse right to left till index 2(t).



a = "Python"
print(a[2:5:-1])

The result is

'' (Null string)


Here we are indicating start as 2 and stop as 5 (which implies that the direction as left to right, but the step is -1 which means the direction is right to left.
Because this is not possible it returns a null string

Write the missing code in the below program and print the result as shown in the example. Follow the instructions given in comment lines in the below program.

##### Output
```
String is How are you?
are
w a
you
uoy
you?
```

##### Solution
```
str = "How are you?"
print("String is", str)
# print 'are' in String using Slicing with Positive Index
print(str[4:7])
# print 'w a' in String using Slicing with Positive Index
print(str[2:5])
# print 'you' in String using Slicing with Negative Index
print(str[8:11])
# print 'uoy' in the string using slicing and Negative indexes and negative step
print(str[-2:-5:-1])
# print 'you?' in String using Slicing with Negative Index
print(str[-4:])
```